hi I'm slices that this is ten ways
Fenella if you're in you this is a
number ten ways and all of your you try
to hug someone in affection
oh my god oh my god zombie fold me no
way new no no your new but you think
you're the Oracle
and you do anyone could be the Oracle of
Horus you're not special
I'm special
special number eight way to know if your
new is if you brag about your offer
hey guys check out my hour it's like
totally amazing number seven way of
knowing that you're new in Halo 3 is
rafting on last resort
yeah I'm rapping I'm so cool you've seen
so much fun the number 6 way to tell is
your now I you you
no Dave
hey get over here guys I gotta kick your
bus with it do you think they got an
amazing
you're absolutely new when you don't
have a mic in Belleville team do you
have a bike
hey do you have a mic do you have a mic
the number one way all I start over do
all the numbers three way to know if
your new business you run away from a
fight while you're in a tanking shop buy
a gun I mean your character like your
sugar run
oh wait I'm not a fuel right now this is
how we're gonna demonstrate by showing
what kind of news you are like not
spoiling the flag when you're only two
inches away all right I got it now to
run back to the store
number one way to know if you're new did
you rush for the plasma pistol
well just before sniper man I think I'll
take that bus